Adding more content to Translation & Localization chapters (#3431)
the-turing-way/the-turing-way: book/website/community-handbook/translation/translation-workflow.md

### Create and update a glossary

We strongly suggest setting a glossary through the localisation platform.

> You can read more about project glossaries in {ref}`Addin terms to the glossary<ch-translation-hello-crowdin>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can read more about project glossaries in {ref}`Addin terms to the glossary<ch-translation-gateway-crowdsourced-localisation>`.
```

### Create and update a glossary

We strongly suggest setting a glossary through the localisation platform.

> You can read more about project glossaries in {ref}`Addin terms to the glossary<translation-hello-crowdin>`.

Reviewer 2: Adding instead  of addin?

Reviewer 2: ah! this removal is making the build stop. Please revert to the tag (or add the correct tag?)
